# ATTENTION!

This step is only necessary if you are attending the Mastering Code event and do NOT have a good internet connection.


# Using our private registry that runs on the Raspberry Pi

Connect to the WiFi with SSID `MasteringDocker` using the password `MasteringDocker`, obviously you won't have any internet connection from this network.

## On linux 
On linux you may need to a line to the `/etc/hosts` file.
Test if you need by using the ping command.
Hence open a shell and launch the following command

```console
$ ping mcpi
```

if the result is `ping: mcpi: Name or service not known` use the following command to add the needed line:

```console
$ echo "192.168.2.100	mcpi" | sudo tee -a /etc/hosts > /dev/null
```

try again with `ping mcpi` and no error should be displayed.

## On Windows

On Windows you may need to add the following line to the `C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\hosts` file.

```
192.168.2.100	mcpi
```


# Authorize the self-signed certificate

## On Linux 

When working with registries Docker requires the HTTPS protocol.
The registry that is running on the raspberry uses a self signed certificate, we must tell to the docker instance running on the clients that it is must be considered legit.
The `ca.crt` contained in this directory is the one that is using the registry.

```console
# mkdir -p /etc/docker/certs.d/mcpi:443/
# cp ca.crt /etc/docker/certs.d/mcpi:443/
```

Now we need to restart the docker service.
The command to be used here may depends on the linux distro you are running.
If it is running `systemd` then use the following:

```console
# systemctl restart docker
```

## On Windows

Open the `Docker Desktop` settings and select the `Daemon` blade.
Add in the table named `Insecure registries` (the first one), the following line:

```
mcpi:443
```

# Test the environment

Try to pull the `nginx:latest` image using the following command

```console
$ docker pull mcpi:443/nginx:latest
```
