# Run the helloworld image

Download the `hello-world` image and run a container built on it using the following command:

```
docker run hello-world
```

The main process of the `hello-world` container simply prints some output and then exits.

Now you can look for the running containers and notice that container we previously run is not present.

```
docker ps
```

Indeed it is `exited`, you can see it using the `-a` flag.
For commodity we use also the `-l` flag that will display only the latest created container.

```
docker ps -al      
CONTAINER ID        IMAGE               COMMAND             CREATED             STATUS                     PORTS               NAMES
f3b950330f91        hello-world         "/hello"            4 minutes ago       Exited (0) 4 minutes ago                       angry_kowalevski
```

Take notice of the name of the run container either manually or via the following command.
To better understand the command please use the `docker help ps` command.

```
CNAME=$(docker ps -a -n 1 -f "ancestor=hello-world" --format {{.Names}})
```

We can still see the logs of the exited container. 

```
docker logs ${CNAME}
```

The output of the `logs` command will be the same output we saw previously.


# Start a stopped container again

Start again the container using the following command:

```
docker start -i ${CNAME}
```

The `-i` parameter is required to bind the `stdout` to the container one.

If we use now the `logs` command it will show the hello world message printed twice.

```
docker logs ${CNAME}
```


# Cleanup: Drop the hello-world container

The stopped container occupies space on the disk.
You can delete the stopped containers to reclaim this space.

Execute the following command and if the operation is successful it prints the `${CNAME}` value.

```
docker rm ${CNAME}
```

Indeed if we now tries to look for a container named `${CNAME}` we will have an error as result.
```
docker inspect ${CNAME}
[]
Error: No such object: angry_kowalevski

docker logs ${CNAME}        
Error: No such container: angry_kowalevski
```


# Auto cleanup when container exits

To automatically remove the running container when it exits, use the `--rm` flag of the `run command`.

```
docker run --rm hello-world
```

Then run
```
docker ps -al -n 1 -f "ancestor=hello-world"
```

This time the output will be an empty table

```
docker ps -al -n 1 -f "ancestor=hello-world"
CONTAINER ID        IMAGE               COMMAND             CREATED             STATUS              PORTS               NAMES
```


---

# Next Section

Next section introduces [Docker Images Creation](../04-BuildingImages)
